rearranging for entry level people (#12)
jhudsl/ottrproject.org: getting_started.Rmd

## Prerequisites for using OTTR

First please take a look at our [code of conduct](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template/blob/main/code_of_conduct.md) if you wish to contribute to OTTR. 

> OTTR relies on R Markdown and GitHub actions, however, you do not need to be familiar with either R Markdown or GitHub to use OTTR!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OTTR relies on R Markdown and GitHub actions. You do not need to be an expert about either R Markdown or GitHub to get started using OTTR, as we will guide you through the process! However, we recommend reading up a bit about both to better understand how they work in general before diving in to our guide. These readings only take a few minutes.
```
Edit: Copied over @carriewright11 's suggestion from below

Reviewer: Just to clarify, because in a quick read this seems like its saying you don't need to know markdown or github but then we say you do need to know markdown and github.

Author: > OTTR relies on R and GitHub actions, however, you do not need to be familiar with either R or GitHub actions to use OTTR! (However, you should be familiar with markdown)

what about this: 

OTTR relies on R Markdown and GitHub actions. You do not need to be familiar with either R Markdown or GitHub to get started using OTTR, as we will guide you through the process! However, we recommend reading up a bit about both to better understand how they work in general. These readings only take a few minutes.

Author: Or do we think any of it would be required? I want to retain people who are intimidated, but also want people to have any necessary background.

Author: or maybe: 

OTTR relies on R Markdown and GitHub actions. You do not need to be super familiar with either R Markdown or GitHub to get started using OTTR, as we will guide you through the process! However, we recommend reading up a bit about both to better understand how they work in general before diving into our guide. These readings only take a few minutes.

Reviewer: Perfect. I'll put this wording in.
